com/permission/model/response/FeatureResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.FeatureResponse
com/permission/model/entity/RoleAccount.java
 com.permission.model.entity.RoleAccount
com/permission/model/entity/Feature.java
 com.permission.model.entity.Feature
com/permission/service/RoleAccountServiceInternal.java
 com.permission.service.RoleAccountServiceInternal
com/permission/service/impl/ModuleInternalServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.ModuleInternalServiceImpl
com/permission/service/RoleAccountService.java
 com.permission.service.RoleAccountService
com/permission/validator/RoleValidator.java
 com.permission.validator.RoleValidator
com/permission/service/impl/RoleGroupServiceInternalImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleGroupServiceInternalImpl
com/permission/model/response/RoleResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.RoleResponse
com/permission/config/PermissionData.java
 com.permission.config.PermissionData
com/permission/repository/ModuleRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.ModuleRepository
com/permission/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.permission.config.SwaggerConfig
com/permission/service/impl/RoleAccountServiceInternalImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleAccountServiceInternalImpl
com/permission/service/impl/FeatureInternalServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.FeatureInternalServiceImpl
com/permission/model/bo/BaseBusinessObject.java
 com.permission.model.bo.BaseBusinessObject
com/permission/model/bo/TableValidate.java
 com.permission.model.bo.TableValidate
com/permission/repository/RoleFeatureRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.RoleFeatureRepository
com/permission/model/request/CreateRoleAccountRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.CreateRoleAccountRequest
com/permission/service/ModuleInternalService.java
 com.permission.service.ModuleInternalService
com/permission/service/impl/RoleServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleServiceImpl
com/permission/service/GroupFeatureInternalService.java
 com.permission.service.GroupFeatureInternalService
com/permission/repository/InsertUpdateRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.InsertUpdateRepository
com/permission/validator/NumberVariable.java
 com.permission.validator.NumberVariable
com/permission/model/entity/Module.java
 com.permission.model.entity.Module
com/permission/repository/FeatureRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.FeatureRepository
com/permission/model/response/ModuleResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.ModuleResponse
com/permission/service/impl/GroupInternalServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.GroupInternalServiceImpl
com/permission/validator/CreateRoleValidator.java
 com.permission.validator.CreateRoleValidator
com/permission/caller/RestClient.java
 com.permission.caller.RestClient
com/permission/repository/RoleGroupRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.RoleGroupRepository
com/permission/service/impl/RoleAccountServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleAccountServiceImpl
com/permission/model/request/ValidateRolesRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.ValidateRolesRequest
com/permission/service/impl/GroupFeatureInternalServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.GroupFeatureInternalServiceImpl
com/permission/repository/InsertUpdateRepositoryImpl.java
 com.permission.repository.InsertUpdateRepositoryImpl
com/permission/repository/RoleAccountRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.RoleAccountRepository
com/permission/model/request/UpdateRoleRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.UpdateRoleRequest
com/permission/mapper/FeatureMapper.java
 com.permission.mapper.FeatureMapper
com/permission/model/entity/AbsEntity.java
 com.permission.model.entity.AbsEntity
com/permission/controller/ModuleController.java
 com.permission.controller.ModuleController
com/permission/model/entity/GroupFeature.java
 com.permission.model.entity.GroupFeature
com/permission/mapper/GroupMapper.java
 com.permission.mapper.GroupMapper
com/permission/service/RoleGroupServiceInternal.java
 com.permission.service.RoleGroupServiceInternal
com/permission/converter/BitSetModuleConverter.java
 com.permission.converter.BitSetModuleConverter
com/permission/controller/GroupController.java
 com.permission.controller.GroupController
com/permission/controller/RoleController.java
 com.permission.controller.RoleController
com/permission/model/entity/BaseEntity.java
 com.permission.model.entity.BaseEntity
com/permission/PermissionApplication.java
 com.permission.PermissionApplication
com/permission/model/request/AuthorRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.AuthorRequest
com/permission/model/response/CreateRoleResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.CreateRoleResponse
com/permission/model/entity/Group.java
 com.permission.model.entity.Group
com/permission/model/request/UpdateRoleAccountRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.UpdateRoleAccountRequest
com/permission/service/FeatureInternalService.java
 com.permission.service.FeatureInternalService
com/permission/model/entity/RoleGroup.java
 com.permission.model.entity.RoleGroup
com/permission/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.RoleRepository
com/permission/service/impl/RoleFeatureServiceInternalImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleFeatureServiceInternalImpl
com/permission/model/entity/RoleFeature.java
 com.permission.model.entity.RoleFeature
com/permission/model/bo/StatusCommon.java
 com.permission.model.bo.StatusCommon
com/permission/config/AppConfiguration.java
 com.permission.config.AppConfiguration
com/permission/mapper/impl/RoleAccountMapper.java
 com.permission.mapper.impl.RoleAccountMapper
com/permission/mapper/impl/RoleMapper.java
 com.permission.mapper.impl.RoleMapper
com/permission/service/GroupInternalService.java
 com.permission.service.GroupInternalService
com/permission/service/impl/GroupServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.GroupServiceImpl
com/permission/repository/GroupFeatureRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.GroupFeatureRepository
com/permission/config/Killer.java
 com.permission.config.Killer
com/permission/model/entity/Role.java
 com.permission.model.entity.Role
com/permission/service/GroupService.java
 com.permission.service.GroupService
com/permission/controller/RoleAccountController.java
 com.permission.controller.RoleAccountController
com/permission/repository/GroupRepository.java
 com.permission.repository.GroupRepository
com/permission/model/response/CreateRoleAccountResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.CreateRoleAccountResponse
com/permission/service/impl/ModuleServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.ModuleServiceImpl
com/permission/validator/CreateRole.java
 com.permission.validator.CreateRole
com/permission/util/Global.java
 com.permission.util.Global
com/permission/model/request/RoleRequest.java
 com.permission.model.request.RoleRequest
com/permission/service/impl/RoleInternalServiceImpl.java
 com.permission.service.impl.RoleInternalServiceImpl
com/permission/service/RoleService.java
 com.permission.service.RoleService
com/permission/service/ModuleService.java
 com.permission.service.ModuleService
com/permission/mapper/ModuleMapper.java
 com.permission.mapper.ModuleMapper
com/permission/service/RoleInternalService.java
 com.permission.service.RoleInternalService
com/permission/model/response/GroupResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.GroupResponse
com/permission/model/bo/Method.java
 com.permission.model.bo.Method
com/permission/service/RoleFeatureServiceInternal.java
 com.permission.service.RoleFeatureServiceInternal
com/permission/model/response/RoleResponseDetail.java
 com.permission.model.response.RoleResponseDetail
com/permission/model/response/GetRoleResponse.java
 com.permission.model.response.GetRoleResponse
com/permission/validator/NumberVariableValidator.java
 com.permission.validator.NumberVariableValidator
